---
layout: pub
title: List of Publications for 2013
modified: 2013-01-01
tags: [bonvin, publications, haddock, 2013]
---

* K.M. Varney#, A.M.J.J. Bonvin#, M. Pazgier#, J. Malin#, W. Yu#, E. Ateh, T. Oashi, J. Huang, W. Lu, M. Diepeveen-de Buin, J. Bryant, E. Breukink, A.D. MacKerell Jr. and E.P.H. de Leeuw
"Turning Defense into Offense: Development of Defensin Mimetics as Novel Antibiotics targeting Lipid II."
PloS Pathogens, 9, e1003732. doi:10.1371/journal.ppat.1003732 (2013).

* G. van der Schot, Z. Zhang, R. Vernon, Y. Shen, W.F. Vranken, D. Baker, A.M.J.J. Bonvin* and O.F. Lange*
"Improving 3D structure prediction from chemical shift data."
J. Biomol. NMR., 57, 27-35 (2013).

* A.M.J.J. Bonvin
"Coming to peace with protein complexes? 5th CAPRI evaluation meeting, April 17-19th 2013, Utrecht."
Proteins: Struc. Funct. & Bioinformatics Editorial, CAPRI special issue. 81, 20173-2074 (2013).

* J.P.G.L.M. Rodrigues, A.S.J. Melquiond, E. Karaca, M. Trellet, M. Van Dijk, G.C.P. Van Zundert, C. Schmitz, S.J. de Vries, A. Bordogna, L. Bonati, P.L. Kastritis and A.M.J.J. Bonvin
"Defining the limits of homology modelling in information-driven protein docking"
Proteins: Struc. Funct. & Bioinformatics, 81, 2119-2128 (2013).

* R. Morretti et al.
"Community-wide Evaluation of Methods for Predicting the Effect of Mutations on Protein-Protein Interactions."
Proteins: Struc. Funct. & Bioinformatics, 81, 1980-1987 (2013).

* J. Janin and A.M.J.J. Bonvin
"Protein-Protein Interactions."
Curr. Opin. Struct. Biol. Editorial, special issue on protein-protein interactions. 23, 859-861 (2013).

* P.L. Kastritis and A.M.J.J. Bonvin
"Molecular origins of binding affinity: Seeking the Archimedean point."
Curr. Opin. Struct. Biol., 23, 868-877 (2013).

* D.M. Dias, J.P.G.L.M. Rodrigues, N.S. Domingues, A.M.J.J. Bonvin and M.C.A. Castro.
"Unveiling the Interaction of Vanadium Compounds with Human Serum Albumin using 1H STD NMR and Computational Docking Studies."
Eur. J. Inorg. Chem., 26, 4619-4626 (2013).

* E.A.W. van der Cruijsen, D. Nand, M. Weingarth, A, Prokofyev, S, Hornig, A.M.J.J. Bonvin, S. Becker, R.E. Hulse, E. Perozo, O. Pongs, M. Baldus.
"The importance of the lipid-pore loop interface for potassium channel structure and function."
Proc Natl. Acad. Sci. USA, 110, 13008-13013. (2013).

* M. van Dijk, K. Visscher, P.L. Kastritis and A.M.J.J. Bonvin.
"Solvated protein-DNA docking using HADDOCK."
J. Biomol. NMR, 56, 51-63 (2013).

* E. Karaca and A.M.J.J. Bonvin.
"On the usefulness of Ion Mobility Mass Spectrometry and SAXS data in scoring docking decoys."
Acta Cryst. D., D69, 683-694 (2013).

* M. Weingarth, A. Prokofyev, E. van der Cruijsen, D. Nand, A.M.J.J. Bonvin, O. Pongs and M. Baldus
"Structural determinants and functional aspects of specific lipid binding to potassium channels."
J. Am. Chem. Soc., 35, 3983-3988 (2013).

* S. Alex, K. Lange, T. Amolo, J.S. Grinstead, E. Szalowska, A. Koppen, K. Mudde, D. Haenen, S. Al-Lahham, H. Roelofsen, R. Houtman, B. van der Burg, A.M.J.J. Bonvin, E. Kalkhoven, M. Muller, G. Hooiveld and S. Kersten.
"Short chain fatty acids stimulate Angptl4 synthesis in human colonocytes by selective PPAR modulation."
Mol. Cell. Biol., 33, 1303-1316 (2013).

* D.L. Hulsik, Y.Y. Liu, N.M. Strokappe, S. Battella, M. El Khattabi, L.E. McCoy, A. Hinz, M. Hock, A.M.J.J. Bonvin, J.P.M. Langedijk, D. Davis, A. Forsman Quinley, M. Aasa-Chapman, R.A. Weiss, C.T. Verrips, W. Weissenhorn and L. Rutten
"A gp41 MPER-specific Llama VHH Requires a Hydrophobic CDR3 for Neutralization but not for Antigen Recognition."
PloS Pathogens, 9, e1003202 (2013).

* M. Trellet, A.S.J. Melquiond and A.M.J.J. Bonvin.
"A Unified Conformational Selection and Induced Fit Approach to Protein-Peptide Docking.
PLoS ONE, 8(3) e58769 (2013).

* R. Dagil, C O'Shea, A. Nykaer, A.M.J.J. Bonvin and B.B. Kragelund
"Gentamicin Binds to Megalin as a Competitive Inhibitor and Utilizes the Common Ligand Binding Motif of Complement Type Repeats."
J. Biol. Chem, 288, 4424-4435 (2013).

* E. Karaca and A.M.J.J. Bonvin
"Advances in integrated modelling of biomolecular complexes."
Methods, 59, 372-381 (2013).

* P.L. Kastritis and A.M.J.J. Bonvin
"On the binding affinity of macromolecular interactions: daring to ask why proteins interact"
J. R. Soc. Interface, 10, doi: 10.1098/rsif.2012.0835 (2013).

* A.M.J.J. Bonvin, M. van Dijk, E. Karaca, P.L. Kastritis, A.S.J. Melquiond, C. Schmitz and S.J. de Vries
"HADDOCK"
In Encyclopedia of Biophysics, Ed. G.C.K. Roberts, Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg (2013).

* P.L. Kastritis, K.M. Visscher, A.D.J. van Dijk and A.M.J.J. Bonvin
"Solvated docking using Kyte-Doolittle-based water propensities."
Proteins: Struc. Funct. & Bioinformatic., 81, 510-518 (2013).